[native] Add support for env vars providing property values (#23880)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties.rst

Specifies the amount of memory to shrink when the memory pushback is
triggered. This only applies if ``system-mem-pushback-enabled`` is ``true``.

Environment Variables As Values For Worker Properties
-----------------------------------------------------

This section applies to worker configurations in the config.properies file
and catalog property files only.

The value in a key-value par may reference an environment variable by using
a leading `$` followed by enclosing the environment variable name in brackets (`{}`).

> ```

Reviewer: Do you want the ` and space before and after in the code block? This is how the block looks in a local doc build. If this is what you want then please resolve this comment, if not adjust the formatting. 
<img width="776" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-02 at 10 14 10 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11309647-43b6-4fc0-946c-ab974c76910e">

key=${ENV_VAR_NAME}
```

The environment variable name must match exactly with the defined variable.

This allows a worker to read sensitive data e.g. for access keys from an
environment variable rather than having the actual value hard coded in a configuration

> file on disk enhancing the security of deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file on disk, improving the security of deployments.
```
Comma suggestion to separate the end of the sentence from the main idea for clarity. Very minor nit suggestion of "improving" as a more common and understandable word for better readability, but please revert that to "enhancing" if you feel this nit suggestion doesn't accurately describe your meaning.

> For example, consider the hive connector's `hive.s3.aws-access-key` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, consider the hive connector's ``hive.s3.aws-access-key`` property.
```

> This is sensitive data and can be stored in an environment variable, for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is sensitive data and can be stored in an environment variable such as
```
Nit suggestion because "for example" is used twice in two consecutive lines.

> `AWS_S3_ACCESS_KEY` which is set to the actual access key value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``AWS_S3_ACCESS_KEY`` which is set to the actual access key value.
```

One mechanism is to create a preload library that is injected at the time

> presto_server is started. It decrypts encrypted secrets and sets environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
presto_server is started that decrypts encrypted secrets and sets environment
```

variables specific to the presto_server process. These can then be referenced

> in the properies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the properties.
```

> For example, once decrypted the preloaded library sets the AWS_S3_ACCESS_KEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once decrypted, the preloaded library sets the AWS_S3_ACCESS_KEY
```

> environment variable which then can be accessed by providing it in the catlog properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment variable which then can be accessed by providing it in the catalog properties:

```
Add a line break before the code block for the code block to format properly. This is what it looks like in a local doc build: 
<img width="760" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-02 at 10 10 56 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/510de63c-8a1b-45a7-9b35-ae562f5dd9c5">

Also, same comment as in line 366 asking if ` and space before and after is what you want displayed in the code block.

Specifies the amount of memory to shrink when the memory pushback is
triggered. This only applies if ``system-mem-pushback-enabled`` is ``true``.

> Environment variables as values for worker properties

Reviewer 2: Title should be camel case.

-----------------------------------------------------

This section applies to worker configurations in the config.properies file
and catalog property files only.

The value in a key-value par may reference an environment variable by using
a leading `$` followed by enclosing the environment variable name in brackets (`{}`).

```
key=${ENV_VAR_NAME}
```

The environment variable name must match exactly with the defined variable.

This allows a worker to read sensitive data e.g. for access keys from an

> environment variable rather than having the actual value hard coded in a comnfiguration

Reviewer 2: typo: configuration

> file on disk enhancing the security stance of deployments.

Reviewer 2: nit: remove `stance`

For example, consider the hive connector's `hive.s3.aws-access-key` property.

> This is sensitive data and can be stored in an environment variable, for example,

Reviewer 2: May also add to this the real usage of how these key values can be stored encrypted on disk and are decrypted during deployment as passed as environment variables.
